# Aadhar_enrollment_option1
1) Option1  to enroll for new aadhar. User is asked to enter name, DOB in mm/dd/yyyy format, city.state, 10 digit mobile number .Validation of input from user is performed and if not successful exit with appropriate error message/stop processing  else code 10 is returned and proceed ahead.
2) for return code 10, read the PANCARD table for input pancard number and mobile combination entered by user. If exists then sms/email the pancard details to users registered mobile number (in our case twilio mobile number 7507483508) and email as entered by user  and continue with aadhar regiatration process. 
3) if inpput pancard number and mobile number combination  as entered by user doesnt exist in PANCARD table, ask user if he wants to register for new pancard .If user says no, throw error and stop prcessing.if user says yes, create new pancard number and insert  details into PANCARD table , send sms/email to user anbout new pancard number generated and continue with aadhar registration process.
4) Now we are into aadhar registration process. Using pancrd number, hit the AADHARINFO collection,If document exists then send the aadhar number to user on sms /email. If no document exists, then ask user "if he/she wants to create a aadhar number now or create a temporary token number  which user can use it later to generate aadhar number using option 4".
5) If yes, then generate aadhar number and insert into AADHARINFO collection along with pan number, name,date of birth,city,state, phone number and send sms/email to user about aadhar number generated for him.
6) If No, hit the TOKEN table and fetch maximun token number +1 and generate new aadhar number and make entry in the TOKEN table with new token number, aadhar number,pannumber and TOEKN_USED =  'N' and send sms/email to user about the token number generated . Token number is used later in option 4 if user wants to continue generating aadhar number for him  using token number. Here aadhar number is internally generated and stored in TOKEN table. However this aadhar number generated for user is not shared with user until the user completes the aadhar registration process using option 4 for token number.
